move pleb, get out the way
get out the way pleb, get out the way
move pleb, get out the way
get out the way pleb, get out the way

oh no! the right's out
i'm bout to gas your coast out
get the fuck back, guard your hill
there's something wrong, your broken will
i've been cranking and dustin you
and i been spanking ya booty too
broadside ya motherfuckin populace
and if your mercs jump in, (aw, bitch!) they'll be light piss
causing chaos, disturbin tha plebs
it's not fag ops, we owning the weebs
so bye-bye to all you roasties and mold bitches
ain't there a date on your cunt? damn niggas!
i'm rocket riding thru the skyway
so if you mind the a.i., get the fuck outta my way
i'm T.M.I., hardly ever caught guessing
hey stop by my rapegang's venti stress testin-in-in

move pleb, get out the way
get out the way pleb, get out the way

there i went, where'd i go?
uh oh, don't think pleb: move!
you see that turbine? you hear that fuckin roar?
stop the goddamn lies, light comin thru
hit the square and knock the towers down
i fuck the cities up - that's what i do
bright and mindful - an anti-zom symbol
the bitches want me to rape'em - true, true
hold up, wait up, bro that don't make no sense 
oh i see your point, but then why'd she run?
probably some evolutionary defense
trying to get my liquids, rock salt cunting
she's done, give the bitch back to good will hunting
no, i ain't sad, I.D.G.A.F.
nick fuentes? who's that?
you mean da grown ass man who froze to death
cuz his mom forgot to give him his hat?
[winter approaches mrs fuentes, we have to be vigilante, all the shoulder pats]

move pleb, get out the way
get out the way pleb, get out the way

0-0, start keeping track
math, got to slap that rack
hit the point, float the digies, integrate 
without slow division
we ride the circloids down, speeding concision 
take the rays around, perfect, accurate, precision
we heard that oh's open, straight shut
gold and silver, electrum's cut
copper rose, irish booootayyy
ash, coke, sideros, blast furnace steel
fuck the lie codes, it's rock dust, we all mineral heels
on the ground floor, forever racing to score
cutting that metal with supercritical watta
throw your hands in the air and holla
[big tiddy goth gf b.e., hey it's me louis
i wanted to help you cope, with the intense difficulty 
of emo hopes, just drop'em and their rope
raise your hands, it's no joke] 
i'm fresh from the vine, respeccing in south central
fuck this rap shit, we frictionless, super
conductin without hotness, nuclear magnetic alignments
just leave the thots please
so move pleb, get out the way bro
all you faggot motherfuckers make way for the o-doublezero-o

move pleb, get out the way
get out the way pleb, get out the way
















